{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Napper Tech offers technology day-to-day messagings and video call services for any client in the world, providing communication to be more reliable and even affordable. Our team has ensured that no client would have to pay hidden charges to communicate across the world.\
\
Napper Tech is a company that would consists of the owner Yasmin Alberto Ruiz and three boards of advisors to manage the app. The advisors would consist of :\
\
1.Olive Parks, head communications(any problems the app might have)\
2.Cameron Dallas feedback( sorting out feedback)\
3.Jose Ruiz head tech department\
 \
Services would be\
\
Video calling\
Messaging \
Payment sending and requesting\
\
Across America Napper Tech has gotten the reputation of good quality and approvable prices. We have done events to give out exclusive rewards. We have gotten a 9.5 out of 10 reviews on every single one of our apps we had put out. \
\
Our competitive advantage is that we would be that we would offer a free service but would put around a dollar expense to take off ads. In this in the clients would be paying off a fee in which they wouldn\'92t pay too much attention but would benefit us in the long run.\
\
The marketing strategy would benefit because small cost would add up to bigger profits and the clients wouldn\'92t really put thought into because on how small the price would be.based on doing this marketing strategy it would work 96 percent of the time and has guaranteed to give us profit. \
\
Based on the size of our market and our defined market area our sales for the ads would get us around 500,000 if its a success. The salary for each co owners would be 40,000 and the rest would be put into the app. \
\
For a simple but yet affecting app we are looking for 130.000 dollars the owner would be investing 76,000 dollars.\
\
}